Lord Sword Immortal
Lu Yang, did you have a nightmare?
What about Mom Sword Immortal?
What kind of sword fairy is there?
Are you confused?
No.
What about Uncle Wu?
He knocked me out.
What about others? After you passed out
The hospital security chased him away
Could it be that
I was dreaming just now
I didn't learn anything at all
What Jian Yuyang
You can't have a legacy.
Even if it was a dream
I also don't think Mengzhu can be allowed to marry someone else
I have to go find him.
Hey Yuyang
Slow down.
Yuyang
Don't blame mom for hiding it from you
Your grandfather said
I want you to work in the world
To test your character
I hope you don't let him down.
I'll let him.
Ha stop
Little brat
Even the actors know that they dare to care if you are courting death, right?